Add principal permission attribute breaking change (#19778)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/corefx/5.0/principalpermissionattribute-obsolete.md

#### Reason for change

The <xref:System.Security.Permissions.PrincipalPermissionAttribute> type, like other types that subclass <xref:System.Security.Permissions.SecurityAttribute>, is part of .NET's Code Access Security (CAS) infrastructure. In .NET Framework 2.x - 4.x, the runtime enforces <xref:System.Security.Permissions.PrincipalPermissionAttribute> annotations on method entry, even if the application is running under a full-trust scenario. .NET Core and .NET 5.0 and later don't support CAS attributes, and the runtime ignores them.

This difference in behavior from .NET Framework to .NET Core and .NET 5.0 can result in a "fail open" scenario, where access should have been blocked but instead has been allowed. To prevent the "fail open" scenario, you can no longer apply the attribute in code that targets .NET 5.0 or later.

#### Version introduced

5.0 Preview 7

#### Recommended action

If you encounter the obsoletion error, you must take action.

- **If you're applying the attribute to an ASP.NET MVC action method:**

>   Consider using ASP.NET's built-in authorization infrastructure. The following code snippet demonstrates annotating a controller with an <xref:System.Web.Mvc.AuthorizeAttribute> attribute. The ASP.NET runtime will authorize the user before performing the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Consider using ASP.NET's built-in authorization infrastructure. The following code demonstrates how to annotate a controller with an <xref:System.Web.Mvc.AuthorizeAttribute> attribute. The ASP.NET runtime will authorize the user before performing the action.
```
